Haiku debug build, rdynamic flag unsupported. (#247)
microsoft/snmalloc: CMakeLists.txt

    set(CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE "${CMAKE_EXE_LINKER_FLAGS_RELEASE} /DEBUG")
  else()
    add_compile_options(-fno-exceptions -fno-rtti -g -fomit-frame-pointer)

>     # Static TLS model and -rdynamic flag (always -shared) are unsupported on Haiku

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Static TLS model is unsupported on Haiku.  
    # All symbols are always dynamic on Haiku and so -rdynamic is redundant (and unsupported).
```

>     # Static TLS model unsupported on Haiku

Reviewer 2: Mind updating this comment while you're at it?
